okay so this video is just a real quick
update about my p.o box art contest and
about my LPS outside map so if you're
partaking and any of one of these then
you need to watch this video it's real
important okay so first of all if you're
my contest you need to know that the art
contest ends in about like a week and a
half on Wednesday April first and that
will be the last day that I will be
checking dpa rocks for the contest so if
you haven't made or sent your entry yet
and you want to enter in this contest
you need to enter really fast because
especially if you live really far from
me then it might not get here to
California in time for the contest and I
won't be accepting late entries because
it's just a bit too hard for me and my
judges to handle all those so you need
to hurry up please remember along with a
shout-out and a piece of art and all
that fun stuff the prize will be a skype
call for the three winners so you might
want to enter this contest now about the
map there are currently no spots or
spare spaces left in the map so please
stop commenting that you want to be a
part or a spare because it's completely
closed I'm so sorry if you didn't get a
part but like I said there were only 15
and only three spare parts so if you
didn't get anything please don't do it
anymore because it's sort of annoying
and I feel really bad because you didn't
get to be a part of it there will be
other maps in the future that i will be
doing so if you didn't get in this map
don't feel bad i will be doing another
map as soon as i possibly can that will
be mild ponies also if you have one of
the 15 parts you need to get working on
yours because i'm setting a due date of
march 30th now I understand if you're
like on vacation or you have finals or
something that prevents you from making
the due date but if you do have
something like that please tell me so I
can make arrangements for that but if
you just ran late don't do your entry
I'm gonna have to disqualify you which
will be really sad and then I'll have to
put in one of the spares to do your part
and you won't be able to get it back and
also please please please please please
please please please do both of the
instrumental parts as well I'm sorry if
the sounds annoying or anything but I've
had to remind almost everybody to do
their instrument
two parts because after part 6 and part
15 in the maps parts video there are
instrumental music solos that I'm asking
everybody to do so i can edit them
together in some magical wait when I'm
editing them up if you do not do these
instrumental parts even if air I remind
you I will have to disqualify you as
well so please do them and also I've
been noticing that some people's parts
have been a bit too short for the clip
so you might want to leave some extra
space at the end of each part that you
do including the instrumental parts so i
have a enough to put it in the editor
and combine it all nice oh and also
don't please don't please don't please
don't put a watermark on your video
because i'm adding a watermark of my own
so everything is cohesive and if you
have a watermark that I have to put mine
over yours and it looks kind of strange
so following all of these rules that I
have put into place sorry if there's a
lot don't forget to tell me when you're
apart and your instrumental parts are
uploaded and then I can download them to
my editor and make one nice pretty myth
for you all to enjoy hopefully this all
works out well and don't forget to enter
in my contest and make your wet parts
goodbyes as patient ending the video
you